e e
good morning
folks you guys can give me a heads up on
Twitter if you can hear
me good morning good morning good
morning can you hear me
blue
testing all right there's the opening
bell you guys hear me
hello yeah I'm not sure why the volume's
not higher so you leave in comments and
tell me that the volume's low
I can't help you everything's set to its
maximum settings
here all right lower leth hand corner
five minute sh we have a opening range
Gap premium opum
okay sweeping Friday's high once
more you look on
the
15 15 minute time
frame we have it in while get
the around the 850s
got a bit of a migraine today so my my
pace is going to be a little bit slower
so know you will
probably you probably appreciate
that Seas St
all right so inside the Open Range gap
which is presently shaded green but I'm
going to change that because it's what I
want I I'll keep the same colors I'm
using when I teach Caleb
not that I have this kind of stuff in my
chart it is extremely distracting
but I don't know how else I can you draw
attention to certain things unless I put
lipstick all over this stuff
so all right today's topic is and as a
reminder I won't be live streaming
tomorrow so it's the feds rate
announcement uh that's something that I
would have my completely avoid trading
because he's too
inexperienced so I'll not be live
streaming to keep
that as an enticement from
him you're welcome obviously do
that I'm sure everybody else will be
streaming but today's topic is going to
be what you miss your your entry so
you're watching a particular time
frame you get a green light that it's
good for you to take a trade and just
either you sit still you freeze up you
second guess it or you turn the charts
on late or you didn't notice it and then
it's now after a packed so how do you
how do you work with that so we'll be
we'll be dealing with that topic if you
look at the five minute chart here in
the lower left hand corner I like that
cell
side right
here and the
September I'm assuming that's the 16
really oh no it might be the right one I
I don't trust the dates on these so I'm
trying not to call attention to the
dates and also testing it to see if they
agree with the ones I have
but anyway um because we open up with a
premium gap opening range Gap higher
than previous day's settlement it's more
it's most likely you know a 70% chance
that in the first 10 I'm sorry 30
minutes before 10 o'clock we buy 10
o'clock it trades to midgap so we're
looking for this price down here it's
also pool liquidity resting on this
little base of price action
so first presentation fair value Gap is
here
there this
is hopefully if all
things good this morning I won't have a
very long session which is my intend
V let's take the
midline
see there you
go and we're going to work primarily off
of the
one and 15 second chart today now I know
some of you don't you don't have it you
don't have access to it because of your
I guess your plan or whatever you don't
have that function or feature for
trading view um it's up to you to get it
but you this is what I'm teaching my
something to work with
so you can apply this to something like
if you were looking at a one hour chart
if you're a little bit larger
term Trader in terms of the time frames
like you want to have a little bit
higher time
because you believe foolishly but it's
okay I understand but you think that
these lower time frames are moving
faster and they're not they're not
moving any faster than any other time
frame but if you'd like to look for
setups like say on an hourly
chart think of it as one my one minute
is your hourly chart okay and then you
can use something like
a 15 minute time frame or five minute
chart
to get into a move that you may have
missed on the hour or say you're you're
panning through and you see something oh
wow I didn't see that set up there I
wish I would have saw that but it's now
starting to
move now we're trading
into first presented Fair Val you
got I really want to work inside of the
hour uh the 10:00 hour for silver Bard
like I want I want to use that
information during that
hour but I'll wait till uh 9:50 1010
macro so I'm I'm purposely sitting still
if the trade sets up you know I'm going
to let it
go and then I'm going to try to use the
logic I'm trying to convey to Caleb and
all of you willing to listen is how to
get into a move that's already happened
to start or
move which in my opinion is a very
valuable skill
set no Daniel I'm not drinking from the
yeti
sorry all right so here we have this
candlestick's high you're going to look
at the value up here upper right hand
corner chart so the high value on this
Candlestick is um where we
at
19793 and a
half we have yet the trade to number
three candle High which is
9,795
even and this one I think is probably
the same price as that yeah same
high so we have to trade to technically
uh 794.011
there check
my yeah good so settlement previous
settlement opening price here's your
opening
range Gap and then we'll grade it real
quick
dropping the FIB one so then we have our
upper quadrant we've already traded to
that's this right here and all the other
time
frames and then go back to electronic
trading
hours um my advice to Caleb is that if
he's going to trade the day before fomc
he needs to do it in the morning session
which is fine because that's his model
he won't be trading the afternoons
I'd like to see
this here jump up into that everybody
got
there the reason why I would encourage
him to stay away from fomc days is
because he doesn't have the
experience and most of you probably
don't have the experience if we're being
honest
um to not get excited about what you
think you see in the charts because
they're that day is very
manipulated and even after the fact okay
like it's a two-stage
Delivery 2 p.m. tomorrow the Market's
going to go One Direction to shoot
either higher or lower you don't know
which one they're going to do first I
don't know which one they're going to do
first it's heavily manipulated and then
at 2:30 during the conference
call pal is a little bit like me he
likes to talk a
lot so sometimes that
2:30 counter run so whatever usually
happens at 2 o'clock 2:30 usually runs
right over top of that and goes the
other direction it's it's usually not
all the time but that's usually what
happens kind kind of like a non-farm
payroll event it's the same thing but
it's a little bit more
exaggerated and if you're
wrong or if you're over leverag you're
you're probably going to regret
that and I I just want to include that
in his early development stage just to
avoid the day entirely that way you
can't be enticed to do anything you
can't feel any kind of
regret so what I was looking for is a
run because we had this low and then
this low here trading down into the
upper quadrant of the opening range Gap
that means the difference between 930 is
opening price the very first tick
opening print today's
trading and yesterday's settlement price
when the market technically settles at
415 since there's no trading at
415 it's 414 is the last print so that's
what you're looking for in lower time
frames
so between those two times that's what
makes up the opening range gap opening
range is a 30 minute time interval so up
to 10 o'clock and that's
here so we still have some
time
there you want to keep your expectations
kind of light also the day before
FMC it kind of goes
without question that you know would
anyone really want to go out there
knowing that there's going to be such a
volatile delivery in in price like it's
going to go all over the place tomorrow
so if you believe in you know the adage
of buying and selling pressure who in
their right mind would be trying to
position
ahead large positions why why would they
want to get into the market
ahead of something like tomorrow's FC
great announcement like why why would
you want to do that why would they incur
you know unnecessary
risk they wouldn't all right so there's
the
uh first presented Fair Val
Gap and I was explaining it off at the
basis of this
low falling short of the upper quadrant
level of the opening range Gap
and then it trades down to that sweeps
that low but it trades to the upper
quadrant level and then we created this
little tiny little fair value guy you
see that on the lower left hand I'm
sorry lower right hand corner chart when
we were trading I said I want to see it
trade up in that fair value got this is
kind of like what I was hoping like
trades by Matt guy would would try to
trade like that because what he's aiming
for that's basically it that's his whole
day just something like that and boom I
mean it probably wouldn't be good for
business for his live streams
he'd be in there now okay guys see you
later and or let's just talk about
whatever which is cool I mean I love him
I think he's a nice guy no
drama nice that cowboy I love his his uh
his song like I I listen to it sometimes
I'm driving and turn it on and it's like
that's actually a catchy little
jingle but you'll see on a 15sec chart
if you can find one minute 5 minute uh
Buy sell Equity you want to write this
part down CU like I said I'm going to be
waiting until we get into either the
deeper half of the 950 to 1010 macro
before I look for
anything or after 10 o'cl but we're
going to wrap it up at 10:30 this
morning so that way it's a little bit
shorter and I want to kind of keep to
that I know I say that but I have to
force myself to do it because Caleb
can't he can't keep up with with this
while he's working his job
so but if you in your notes you want to
write down um for fair value G trading
you can do high frequency
trading and it's not complicated it's
extremely easy you can do it without a
bias and the only thing you're doing is
looking for relative equal highs on a
five or one minute
chart once you map them out in close
proximity to where we're at right now so
what would that look like thought you
would
have when use the one minute chart okay
I'm maximize that for a
moment yeah I'm ruin it for you
he's there's a guy on Instagram that has
a large I don't know if I don't know if
the followers are Bots or what but
uh he has my name like he's pretending
to be me I'm not on Instagram at all I'd
appreciate if you guys reported it it's
like a 200,000 follower account that's
not me and uh he links my YouTube
channel like like I would if it was me
so I I'm hoping that when people go
there they click on that link and they
watch videos like this where I say I'm
not
Instagram 2024
get that doesn't really work
so that's what I was saying about the
wanting to
wait waiting for a little bit more time
based
delivery if you're expecting this just
to go up here and feel like I would do
if I was aggressive and it wasn't a day
ahead of
f1c getting in that entry price there
you would have to endure this and when
you know what you're doing and you
understand
characteristics you know what is going
to happen you know the likelihood that a
fair value Gap a PD array it might work
through them and that's not failure for
the sake of the methodology it just
means that it's going to color outside
the lines and get a little animated you
can see that happening
here cide here
what
there she is there so that would be like
a
u high
frequency run to shortterm either five
or one minute buy side or sells side
liquidity using
uh no bias just zero bias just looking
for a price run that takes out shortterm
high shortterm lows
and you can do that all day long and not
even have a
uh not even have a bias for the daily
session I'm sorry for the daily candle
or the session you're trading being like
the New York session morning session or
the afternoon session or if you're
trading in the lunch hour you can use
the same thing like you don't have to be
in
here sitting still and only trading on a
high time frame bu that's that's not
required but you know when you're first
learning it helps it gives a uh a
framework so now what I'm doing is I'm
launching the uh this Wick here upper
right hand corner
chart I'm looking at
this Wick right
there I'm looking at the 765 and a
quarter
level because we traed up to First
presented Fair got there I know some of
you are probably short right
now this is the
uh midgap
level let's do this
so mid gaps here and 10 o'clock here so
we'll see if we can get that uh mid Gap
deliver by 10
o' for
it all up for you guys out there wanting
to
make copies of these things put on
YouTube channel and I push a button to
get them taken down
so you can think think to yourself for a
second okay there are mornings where
you'll get in or you'll watch the price
there's the delivery to midap so 70%
strike rate true
today and now we have the lower quadrant
level here at uh 694 and a
half so that'll be our next down
downside
objective
these for the folks that make these
overlays um they're I don't want to call
them an indicator because they're not
really they're not really doing anything
like except for
reporting previous price points they're
not like they're not manipulating the
data all they're doing is is plotting it
that's why
I said
uh indicator slash overlay overlays are
a more appropriate term for it because
if you're doing anything to manipulate
the data at all uh it's not something I
would do so I don't trade with
indicators but if you are making these
or if you're the author of this one and
I'll show you which one this is so
you'll recognize it right way this
person
here you want these a little bit further
away from Price this is too it's too
close it's very distracting for me um so
I don't I don't know if it if it's a
bothersome thing for anyone else
but you need to have it away I I would
prefer having it set up the same way
a
um this thing here the ray whenever you
put that on your chart it's always going
to if you put The annotation to the
middle and on the right it'll always be
on the right side of your chart all the
way through the first extreme that's how
it should be it should always be like
that and then you'd have the the luxury
of moving the chart around with the
price to bring it closer to The
annotation these I don't know if you can
do that in Pines script but the that
that's my opinion that's how it should
be okay so we worked we worked lower got
close to uh lower
quadrant at the small little Gap here on
the 15sec
chart and then now we're back in the
high of that new new week opening
G I was tempted to go in here today
completely naked on the charts and have
nothing on
here but
U it's pounding me today
so I would feel the impulse to just try
to put more stuff on the chart myself
and I don't want to do it so got a
couple more minutes before 10
o'clock we have a short-term High here
with a civy sells side and balance by
side and
efficiency so so
far keeping with the
logic we can let trades go in other
words you can see them coming you see
them formed set up all that
business first resed fair value G
here
933 so I made this mistake yesterday and
U I talked about how one of the
candlesticks I pointed to was uh
incorrect time and it's because I'm
talking live over the chart and I have
so many things I want to talk while the
one minute chart was booking price so
I'm constantly getting information from
what price is doing and I'm trying to
annotate and talk and
give you answer questions I know that's
going to come up by based on whatever I
just said moments ago and also keeping
in line with what I present for that
that lecture
so it's fine that you know I made a
mistake of calling it the initial Fair
Val Gap or first president presented
Fair Val Gap but um it doesn't change
anything it's not like it would have
caused a losing trade or something like
that but I did make the mistake and I
corrected myself in the Stream I had
probably 900 comments on yesterday's
stream um not you could leave comments
on that stream but on other posts on my
uh YouTube channel where they were they
could leave a comment they were saying
it everybody likes to correct
me the
uh the first present of fair Val Gap
here is obviously this candle here
that's candle stick number two so
to get short and I told you I wanted to
see the move start like I'm letting it
go I told you that this price here would
have to trade to 794 Point you're
watching this price up here the high to
use my entry technique it would have
been shorting as it slammed into
75 you may elect to trade a limit order
that's would that would be at that price
$795 or
higher you could try to get the
consequent cment but it might not go
there you can try to get the lower
quadrant that's probably a good price to
reach for or if you're really
really um I guess
greedy you can go in there and try to
get to the upper portion of uh of this
Gap
you can see we just created a mohawk so
you can anticipate when the market will
color outside the PD arrays um you see
these Jokers out there I'll say but y
you're seeing your your PD ra getting
run through that's part of what you're
doing you're watching how it interprets
that how does it deliver around it kind
of like if
uh if you're looking for a
uh I'm running I run a little bit slower
today uh
the it's like a faint okay like a like a
boxer might act like he's going to throw
a certain punch and or a
pitcher you know they throw a certain
kind of pitch that makes the batter
think okay it's coming right there and
then it just drops down okay or it
curves um It's Kind yeah that's
basically the what I'm saying I will
allow the market to throw a curveball
and my PD arrays will get colored
Outside the Lines the Mohawk here going
above that fair value
Gap ideally it stays inside of it and
many times when we don't have these
environments which is the day before
fomc that means it can be a little bit
more careless in terms of its Precision
it can be a little bit muddier in the
water so you won't see really uh crisp
delivery of price
action so if that's what is likely to
occur why would you want to use your
lowest entry
threshold watch and see how it trades up
into the fair you got and be more
selective and in my opinion allow it to
first run to the extreme of it because
it might want to do that and then once
it creates the Mohawk you can trade
inside that Wick that created that and
you'll get really good premium pricing
and trade down to the mid Gap because
that's always in the first first 30
minutes that's your bias if you're going
to ask me what's the bias ICT well there
it is see how see how hard that can be
for you you have to go and pull up a fib
and drop over the opening price of today
at 9:30 anchor to yesterday's settlement
price on regular trading hours and then
the midpoint on the FIB that is your
70% bias for the first 30 minutes like
that is so mechanical it's so easy like
how hard is that it's not hard but
you're out here trying to figure figure
out you know what what videos to watch
you know where do I start this is this
is the series you start with this one
this is the one that puts people R in
the charts and here's the setups every
single day it's the same repeating logic
we Gap open higher is it more than 40
handles okay then you have a respectable
opening Gap that means then you can do
what you can anticipate the market
creating a 70% strike rate of returning
back to the half Gap
so why are you complicating it I'm not
complicating it you you pick the first
fair value Gap that forms at 9:31 that's
the earliest in terms of time between
9:31 and 10 o'clock in the morning the
very first fair value Gap that forms and
how do you use that first FA fair value
Gap okay I can see that but what do you
do what I just tell you about the um
opening range
Gap mid Gap if it's if it's below the
first fair value Gap price which is this
Candlestick here doesn't that mean the
bias for the first 30 minutes should be
what bearish is it not delivering
it and you're and you're you're trying
to argue with me that what I'm teaching
is complicated it's absolutely not
you're just not listening to the long
drawn out things where I'm explaining
why it's best to understand every facet
to
it and you curse me and you cuss me out
and talk all this nonsense in comment
sections of my videos or even on my
social media or other people social
media saying that the stuff doesn't work
but find this stuff in anybody else's
stuff find the first presented fair
value got find the fact that it's going
to go to midgap 70% of the time in the
first 30 minutes you have you have an
entire trading model right there and
you're done in 30 minutes you're
done I I mean I don't know what else
would you
want I don't know I mean I know I would
want more because I'm I'm that type of
guy but you don't need more than to to
quit your job I mean you can do this
over time and make more than your your
paycheck gives
you it completely strips away the
ambiguity of where's the bias what what
where what trade direction do I trade in
and now contrast that with people that
will tell you what you're learning isn't
real or there's no real logic to it I'm
going to take this little box off now
it's actually not that only that I like
to keep these dudes from
looking smart by having my stuff up
pretend it's them the
uh let's maximize that one
chart so your stop would be above this
Candlestick here so anything you're
shorting in
here you're stopped above this
candle so yeah we Wicked above the fair
value Gap but that doesn't do anything
to upset the trade
so if you know that it's going to be a
day that has characteristics that allows
and affords the market to be a little
bit more muddier where it colors Outside
the Lines how do we know that how can we
anticipate that because tomorrow is fomc
and the morning or day before can tend
to be a little bit more Reckless and
more wild the price can be a little bit
more
um disorganized basically and shorting
in this first fair value Gap the the Gap
itself formed at 9:33
a.m. candle number two is where your
stop is going to go whether you're going
long or short so think like an algorithm
okay an algorithm is just the recipe so
here's here's the recipe this is the
this is your Blue Ribbon recipe from ICT
where all you have to do is follow this
logic every single day you're not going
to get a winning trade every single day
but I promise you if if you study it go
back and back test it you're going to
see an enormous advantage and how you
could have been making a whole lot more
consistent moves passing your funded
accounts getting funded getting
withdrawals getting all that stuff
getting real money turning your demo
account that you're trading with these
funded account companies into
moneymaking
machines the recipe or algorithm is
this every day at nine o'clock Eastern
Standard Time you're sitting down and
you're opening up the NASDAQ or you're
GNA open up the es it's the same thing
you're not making anything different
here it's just the same process if you
want to trade to Dow I I don't know why
you would want to trade to dirty30 I
can't stand it it's too spotty I don't
like it but if that's your cup of tea
just know that you're probably going to
have a little bit more adversity in that
one because it does a whole lot of it
creates a lot more
Wicks and it usually will move faster or
before the other indices because it's
more responsive because there's only 30
issues in it that make up that uh index
whereas the S&P has 500 companies and
the NASDAQ has 100 so because of that
that's why the S&P is a little bit
smoother because it's factoring a
composite of 500 individual companies
price fluctuations and changes versus
the NASDAQ which is a composit index of
100 stocks and then you have the least
which is the Dow which it's only 30
stocks so
so out of those 30 stocks it can be
influenced greatly by the price movement
of larger stocks in that list of 30 so
it's a little bit skewed and that's why
I don't like it so that answers a lot of
questions about the Dow and why I don't
trade it can I trade it yes does my
stuff work in it yes but I'm not trading
it so I I will use the Dow for
a like a smt Divergence early warning
but it's not the it's not the deciding
factor I'd prefer to see the smt
Divergence between es and NASDAQ so if
I'm beish I I want to see I want to see
like
um since I'm actively trading the NASDAQ
I would look at the E mini S&P by
comparison and we are in the December
contract we're not looking at the uh the
uh Seer contract anymore do you see the
S&T Divergence
don't worry about price I got I got
another I got another entry don't worry
I'm purposely letting things move around
the these highs here this High went
higher than that one didn't
it now look at it
here with a
NASDAQ see
it now by comparison this looks a whole
lot more animated doesn't it and when
there's Wicks I'm looking at the
bodies because that's where the bulk of
the volume is so there'll be times where
you'll
see that the Wicks might be higher but
the bodies
aren't inside this swing compare that to
here so NASDAQ went higher both in Wicks
comparatively between this highs and
here and in es
I keep wanting to reach for the the U
for September delivery contract
month you see what's happened
here y all thought you knew
smt you don't know
smt here's the high and the wick went
higher but the what what do Wicks do
what that teach you they do the damage
so this is an S&T Divergence because the
bodies in the high here are lower than
this
so that's why you got to stop listening
to these dollar menu mentorships because
they don't they don't know everything
that I know and they don't know the full
Concepts like I said I've only
introduced
everything yeah every single thing it's
just an introduction it gives you a
platform as as a foundation to start
understanding it and you don't need to
know everything and do well but what
happens when you really understand it
yeah so by comparison again you want to
do this in your own charts by the way I
don't use mine you want to use the
uh the time frame right above the
executable time frame and the time frame
that you intend to trade on
meaning as I mentioned at the beginning
of the stream I said that we're going to
be working with a move that's already
happened or started let's put it that
way and then what happens if you miss
that move well you have two choices you
can be regretful and get angry and get
emotional and say oh man and then either
Chase it or the worst is okay since I
missed it I'm angry now I'm going to
fade it I'm going to wait for it to I
think it ends now so now I'm going to
trade the other direction because you
because you want to wrestle the
marketplace you're you're mad at
it never
good now I like the
199 26 level that's the equivalent of
the September contract and you can check
you can check that
out look at your hourly chart on the NQ
u224
on trading vehic and then look at the
the August 27th through 29th highs
they're like like four or five of them
up there real smooth the equivalent for
the December contract which is what
we're watching price in right now that
is the same thing here right so that's
where those relative equal Highs are
that's that big pocket of buy side
liquidity um if we don't go there today
I think that fomc tomorrow will Target
that
area
so that's just a very loose expectation
it it's not a hard and fast going to do
it I'm not betting the farm on it I'm
not trying to position myself ahead I'm
not in any trades right now I didn't
trade last night I didn't do anything I
just hung out and made a little video
presenting uh gr pools which is a PD
that I'll talk more about in the book
but it's how you use Wicks okay and
Wicks are a PD array that you can look
inside of them in that little gray area
of where no nobody would really pay that
much attention to a cluster of Wicks but
the algorithm because it knows every
single high and low and it knows how to
refer back to it based on it script it's
going to refer to those wicks in a
manner that I outlined and you can see
it
so I'm not looking at supply and demand
zones I'm not looking at Old highs and
old lows for support and resistance I'm
looking at very specific prices but
where those prices reside in the The
Matrix of where prices at the market and
if it's going to go lower I'm going to
be looking for Discount a raise I'm not
just looking for inefficiencies like a
fair day Gap I'm not looking for
relative equal lows or a single low I'm
looking for clustering of Wicks because
nobody's paying attention to them no
one's M no one's making any effort to to
to see what was the purpose of that
flurry of price action redelivering
multiple times in that area where you
have multiple Wicks
overlapping right
you think the algorithm you know if if
if you can just give me
the the stage for a second assume for a
moment if you don't believe there is an
algorithm that controls price and it
delivers price and it's a price engine
if you don't believe
that pretend for a moment you did
wouldn't it be logical if there were a
algorithm that even that little messy
area of a clustering of Wicks all
different lengths and such
wouldn't it have to still have to work
with that information
there or otherwise ignore it and what
problems would it create if it was
ignoring that and why would it why would
it ignore that what would make what
would set the precedence over something
else in the marketplace that the
algorithm will refer to versus something
like that but then when you start seeing
it like I'm teaching in in the future
with
this you'll see that you have an x-ray
view of price you'll be able to see
things things that are not technically
in your chart they're not in your chart
nobody's seeing these things because
they're not looking for it number one
they have they have no knowledge of it
they have no no reason no there was no
inspiration now there's going to be all
kinds of people creating these
story lines okay that oh this is the
thing I've cracked Enigma you don't have
any idea what you're talking about but
I'm introducing it kind of like a little
bit of a enticement to say there's new
stuff coming there's new stuff coming
and it's extremely
precise very very precise and it's time
based it's very specific time based
things I don't need to be in here
worrying about every single
fluctuation I can set a date just like
when you set a birthday party for your
child or you set a date that you're
going to be at a restaurant with your
significant other at at dinner here it
is that's the time we're going to be
there eating that's what I can do with
my trading that's what you can do with
your trading and that is a liberating
feeling contrast that with everything
else you're waiting for something to
appear in a chart you're just waiting
you're just
waiting keep waiting
so the uh the idea of moving from one
minute buy side and sell side and then
using a 15-second chart you can find
very very high
frequency trading setups in that you're
going to get stopped out more times than
anything else I've taught because you're
you're going to be chasing every
potential run into liquidity on a very
small time frame and the times you're
going to get caught offside is when you
don't refer to the time of day the day
of week the week of the month the
seasonal tendency where the higher time
frame daily orderflow and weekly
orderflow is reaching for specifically
this I I believe this is where we're
going to
aim now because that is a likelihood and
we have big news coming out
tomorrow I would not want a position
very large today I would not want to
swing trade today I think it's more
reasonable to see them leave this here
it's just a real easy candy store to Rob
and just go in there tomorrow and smash
it they can be chopping around and do
all kinds of
you subtle ranging creating
consolidations that many of you would be
frustrated by but when you understand
that these are the conditions and
characteristics you won't be in here
trying to trade larger or more frequent
than you
should so while there is a approach to
trading high frequency using sub one
minute time frames you can get 20
30 trades a day easily and that wouldn't
be overtrading using that model like
think about that like that in the hands
of someone that doesn't know what
they're doing and it's impulsive and
they're
overleveraging you're going to blow your
brains out because you have so many
opportunities for you to
the mess it up basically I'm trying not
the curse the
uh so what happens if you know that this
is the likely
draw if you filter out all the high
frequency trading that you do SUB one
minute aiming for shortterm 1 minute or
5 minute Bice
using a 15sec fair value Gap entry
model you're filtering out all the
potential for you to get nailed if they
do in fact want to run up there and hit
that so you see it's not just give me
the right fair value Gap give me a PD
Ray give me a straightforward model I
just gave it to you this morning you're
looking
for a gap of 40 handles or
more okay the the larger above 40
handles the better
what was the uh what was the opening
range this morning previous settlement
price at
661 795 hello that's over 100 handles so
you are an a jackpot like you have an
easy easy easy 70% chance that's not a
100% chance folks that's not a guarantee
it's a 70% chance that in the first 30
minutes you have an ability to sit down
know exactly what you're expecting to
see in price what is that you're
expecting price from this opening price
here at 930 to gravitate down to half of
the Gap you don't need the whole Gap to
close there are things that you can
trade with that gives that idea I'll
teach a little bit about that but why
worry about having that when you got
something that's statistically probable
over 70% of the time I mean think about
you you don't even get it right in your
demo account you know that many times in
a
month a year you have very very low
strike rate and the people that are
honest they come out forward they'll say
you know I'm about 50% accurate and to
me that's
offensive because I'm a numbers guy I I
like looking for advantages I don't want
to go out here and just do something
that doesn't have an built-in Advantage
who would want to do that people that
believe that price is random so they
they submit themselves to okay what's
price probably not going
to be an easy day but I'm going to go
out here and and do something and if
you're a live streamer it's even worse
because now you feel like you got to
perform and
it's it's Illuminating watching
individuals go out there and they just
phone it in they just lob it in and say
okay well you know there it is there it
is guys I did my best well I'm telling
you how to make your best
better opening range Gap okay you can't
they they're never going to hide this
from you they're never going to change
it and it's not going to some it's not
going to be something that falls out of
favor
okay gap opening higher more than 40
handles the larger the Gap the better
that means the range is more
opportunity so from the opening price
soon as it 930 opens up you know what
that price is everybody else knows what
that price
is down to that gap's midpoint which is
so you have
essentially what is that 50ish
handles now think about this what would
50 handles
do per week not every day not every day
just
one trade per week you say I'm going to
find one setup because I don't know what
I'm
doing I want to get consistent I want to
build trust in myself and not be
impulsive but I still want to show
progress and if you're trying to get a
funded account combine past if you can't
stick to something like I'm out lining
here no wonder you're failing and you
you shouldn't be paying for them don't
buy any more of them until you can build
yourself
discipline if you're not smiling and if
the gears aren't turning in your head
right now how this is so easy
and it's in front of you every single
day and you I I've told I've told you
this for weeks now and it's not every
single day but it's happening enough
even if you did it wrong on the days
that it didn't deliver 50 handles is 50
handles that's $1,000 on One
Mini ,000 what's $1,000 doll do for you
once a week one trade you're not even
worrying about it in 30 minutes in 30
minutes that's how long okay you have to
sit and wait I'm satisfying every
millennial's dream okay this is
a Millennials wet dream tell me what to
do what direction what's the Target and
how long do I have to sit still and wait
for
it I've answered all of it there's
nobody else out there that's giving you
something like that there's no one else
doing it like this baby it's
ridiculous I got all kinds of stuff like
this but this is easy large opening Gap
higher wonderful find mid Gap there it
is find your opening price that's your
range that's the profit potential okay
so now what do you do you
wait in one minute from the opening
price you can take your time you got 60
seconds to say okay what's the math on
this here's my opening price and in the
midgap price is down here once you
anchor your FIB to the opening price
there's that's your price you're aiming
for
that's your range between this price and
that one so you know your bias is what
you're going to try to go
short so now what do you wait for you
just go in go short no you watch price
you wait for it to do what create the
first presented fair value
got this is the first fair value
got this candle here at
933 so it meets the criteria it can't be
on the 9:30 candle 931 is the easiest
and first not easiest it's the first
earliest Candlestick that can create the
fair value got Candlestick number two
that one that makes the imbalance this
is Candlestick number one this is
Candlestick number
two here's Candlestick number three so
Candlestick number three your entry is
either one tick below if you're
aggressive like me and you know what
what side of the market you're trying to
get in and you just don't want to miss
the move cuz
I trust this
model you know I I I could trust this I
could be selling short there and any
opportunity that's inside that Gap here
I'm going to short I will short right at
that Mohawk because the stops up
here above this candle's High I know
this is intrusive having that laying on
top here but I'm sorry but people
literally take my stuff and they they
try to put their on their their own
YouTube channel and it's just real easy
for me to push a button and the
copyright is done and they lose their
Channel and I'm not trying to be a jerk
about it but you don't have right to put
my content on your YouTube channels and
I don't give you permission to translate
them either so the and you can hate me
for it I don't care the number two
candle that's the in in imbalance where
it's this number one candle's low and
number three's candle's
High anywhere in here go short stop up
here
so this little Spike here
they can crack jokes all they want but I
just gave you something they can never
deliver and this is such a good model
it's so it answers
everything when it starts to break
down you find a shortterm low once it
breaks that you put your stop loss to
cover
costs if you have more than one contract
you take a partial below the short-term
low everything I'm saying here when we
have a gap lower opening more than 40
handles 50% of the Gap is your target
wait for the first presented fair value
Gap and you're going to be using as as a
means to go long and trade up to half of
the Gap
here first Fair first fair value Gap
here is your entry mechanism to get down
to Mid Gap and you have a 70% strike
rate built in we got a home field
advantage that this is going to happen
70% of the
time
daily now you can further increase that
strike rate by understanding the
economic calendar
hello and understanding the likelihood
of what happens if you take 75 to 80%
off of the trade at the mid Gap and you
don't have the experience and you want
to see if you can go down to close the
entire Gap okay just put your stop loss
somewhere above the shortterm lo you to
profit at or partial and if it stops you
out on the balance who cares at least
you had a free
look you you you did 80% off here
remaining from the position after you
Tak off a partial or don't do any
partials just expect that it goes below
this low and
accelerates to midgap look at the bodies
look how the bodies are respecting that
midgap level that's
algorithmic it's doing something that
it's been scripted and coded to
do just like a
recipe I want you to think about the
potential that I just laid in your hands
I've already taught this a few times in
my lectures i' I've taught this but you
don't remember it because you're waiting
for something where I'm drawing over top
the chart and I'm trying to tell you
what the Market's going to do next why
worry about what's happening next when
I'm telling you how you're going to find
what's going to happen next every day
what's more important to you the fair
Val you get that I'm going to push a
button on today or having the logic
where you don't need to come back to
watch my channel how's that working for
ad Revenue campaign I don't don't want
you coming to watch my videos because if
you keep coming back and watching my
videos that means you don't you don't
know anything you're still learning and
if you're brand new that's that's
reasonable but when somebody finds a
model like this why would you want to
worry about whatever else I put
up why would you even want to buy my
books how's that for a sales campaign I
don't need your money okay I'm
just presenting it because it's my stuff
and nobody else has the authority or the
understanding to be able to do it and I
want to document it my sons and daughter
they can hear me talk about it it's not
just looking at my notes looking at my
journals looking at my my things that
may not be as a clear depiction or
understanding of what it is that I'm
actually teaching and what I've used
it's my whole entire life's
work and this is not in Al Brook's
okay no no offense to the guy
but I don't have any connection to any
other Mentor out there and Larry
Williams wouldn't even know anything
about this either ask him don't be rude
about it but I guarantee you he'll yeah
I don't know anything about
that he was my first
Mentor I anything that's ever had an
influence on me from him I've always
credited and I told everybody buy
everything he has and everybody should
have that book how made a million dollar
St Commodities last year it's a 1970s
book and there's a lot of stuff in there
that doesn't hold water in my opinion
but the very specific things in there
about uh premium pricing that means the
front month is more expensive than the
distant months for instance how would
that
what would that mean in terms of trading
the S&P or NASDAQ right now the nearby
contract is September still and it's
going to expire and then it becomes
the December contract entirely so that's
your that's your nearby contract or
front month then you have the next month
out which would be March 2025 and then
the next month out would be June 2025
and the next month out would be
September
2025 if in a carrying charge Market
where the normal pricing model is in
play you will have higher prices for
like if we're looking at corn or
soybeans um usually it's more expensive
the price right now for this contract in
December is trading at
19797 now contrast that with NQ for the
September
contract we're in the 500s so there's a
there's a premium in in the December
contract versus the price that's in
September you see that well that's a
normal carrying charge market and it's
more more useful in a real supply and
demand market like
grains
cattle um something that we eat or
consume oil okay there's a real buying
and selling demand in these markets
because they're like they're the
resources that makes the world go around
we don't really need to buy the S&P and
the NASDAQ just like we you don't need
to buy shares of stock so while
it's better for the market if you're
bullish to see the nearby
contract trading for more money than the
next month's out in the future in other
words the price should go
higher in the future when you're looking
at commodity prices but if that ever
reverses and it's higher prices right
now then you have an
inversion from a a carrying charge
Market to a commercial bull market that
means large large conglomerates and
Commercial
users are more interested in buying it
so much it can maintain a huge premium
in price relative to the traded price of
the distant month contracts and if
you're brand new that probably went
right over your head but it's a very
simple thing if you go into the
commodity teachings that I have in the
2027 mentorship I believe it's month 10
I I believe it's month 10 um I split up
that that month with bond trading
commodity trading
um stock trading
and for the life man I can't remember
what the other one is I don't remember
but it's it's in there I talk about it
but the
uh I'm not even sure how I got on the
subject but the
uh you have a model now you have no
excuse not to be finding consistent
setups every single day you have an
experiment laboratory for 30 minutes
every single
day caveat now here is the here's the
spin on that
logic as long as price remains below
your stop loss when you're short using
this model and we have not traded to the
midgap you stay with the trade until
you're either stopped out or you get
your
target is that complicated
nope now how how could you mess this up
okay okay here's how you're going to
mess it up you're going to over leverage
you're going to try to trade before the
fair value Gap is traded
to you will not take the trade because
you haven't watched it enough times for
weeks and months to desensitize yourself
to it to trust the data don't just take
my word for it I don't want anybody
taking my word for anything that I say
the open challeng is is go in and see if
this stuff isn't really going on because
once you see it you can't unsee it no
one's going to convince you otherwise
and then you're a cult member for life
okay and that's not a bad thing it just
means that you're part of the cult of
winning there's no other simpler System
model that's mechanical it's finite
parameters just like when you read a
recipe how many eggs does it call for
how much milk how much sugar how much
flour you can't go in there and say you
know
what this pineapple up upside down
pineapple cake
calls for this this this and this you
know I I just want to kick it up a notch
and put my own spin on this and I'm
going to throw in
horseradish the
hell yeah that that's that's what you're
going to mess it up with you're going to
try to bring something else into it okay
you're going to come up with some
name for something and try to
reinvent it so that way you can go out
and and here it is
but in my
book I'm going to reference these videos
where it's time and date stamped where
you can see me giving the details about
this I promise you what I just taught is
there's gonna be dozens and dozens of
books before the November
holiday Amazon's going to have
icts Elite day trading model 100%
mechanical and they're going to inflate
the number 100% strike rate guaranteed
to make money you and it's going to be
that's fake that's false but 70% of the
time you're going to see that these
parameters deliver but it still affords
the ability for people to mess it up
because they're going to bring their own
problems to it they're going to be
fearful they're going to be too
impatient they're going to try to trade
before they should they're going to over
leverage or they're not going to be
disciplined they won't be in front of
the charts to do it they'll live a
lifestyle that allows them to get drunk
and eated and sleep
over and miss it and then because they
didn't take a trade the previous day
that was really really good then they'll
over Leverage on the next day thinking I
got to make up no you you don't make up
anything you just take the trade based
on the parameters and that means trade
with one contract the smallest contract
the
micro and you desensitize yourself to
the importance of the money take that
part out of it for weeks up to give me
at least one
month where you're doing this every
single day so that way you have a whole
month of
data and then see what you were
recording about what you felt when you
were doing it watching it observing it
did you get emotional about how you were
feeling you're going to be right and
conquering were you fearful that it
wasn't going to work you have to get
that Baseline measurement about you
because the you is what's going to mess
it up
okay trust me the first time I sat down
and I put this to task I was like I want
to have something that's mechanical that
I want to know that this is what I can
do and I will set up a scenario where I
can automate it and this is one of my
first automated things with trading view
not trading view trade station uh I did
a lot of coding with easy language with
uh trade station back in the in the
90s and this was one of my simplest easy
bread and butter just it's like a cash
machine it just simply will spit out the
setups to you and it's like ATM with a
pin code that you know has an endless
supply of opportunity it's just right
there all the time but I don't want you
to believe that I want you to go in and
test it for yourself because as soon as
you see it it's going to be like what
the hell you've been trying to do all
this other stuff and the whole time
every single trading day if these
parameters are there 40 handles or
higher there has to be 40 handles from
previous settlement price to where we
open first or more it's better if it's
larger it's really really good if it's
larger than
that
if if it's over 200 handles I've seen in
the last two years or
so I will
defer trading this setup because chances
are it might still keep running because
something else there's heavy
manipulation going on so 100 handles let
make it a little bit clear 100 handles
approximately minimum 40 handles that's
your that's your sweet spot okay and if
you use this mechanism okay there's a
lot of you guys that do coding and such
you have everything right there I just
gave you the documentation stage of it I
I just go through the coding aspect and
it's an easy fix of just putting a
couple things there and then bang you
know where the stop goes you know where
your target is you know what you're
looking for It's Time based for the
first fair value Gap the form one minute
chart and then uh
by 10 o'clock it should deliver 70% of
time to Mid part of the Gap like come on
man seriously like who's giving you
anything close to that you know what
time it's going to set up you know how
long to hold on to it you know what to
do if it doesn't trade to the Target yet
you hold it or let it get stopped out
and be comfortable with it getting
stopped out because you should have a
partial taken if you're trading with one
contract allow that stop out to happen
and then and record what you felt as a a
result of that you're going to go to I
wish I would have closed to trade it
this this point where it was the maximum
uh open profit but not real
lives and if you do that what you're
saying is you want to be right and you
have to work on that that's what you're
supposed to be doing when you're tape
reading you're discovering yourself and
when you demo trade you're trying to
discover where your bad habits are
you're not thinking that you want to
have something to go online and show
people look how much money I made today
and nobody's impressed by that nobody's
impressed by
that cuz if you can't make that bread
for
real and eat on it that means make real
money with it what what difference does
it make everybody out there can get
lucky but this isn't luck this is logic
this is very very
specific
rules if it's doing this then you can
look for this when this does appear then
you can take action on and where's your
stop go above Candlestick number two if
you're short and when you're bullish it
goes below Candlestick number two's
low how hard is that it's not hard at
all and you take what the market gives
you some days it's going to be amazing
this the stop will be very small
relative to the distance for where the
first Fair guy got formed and your entry
would be at to half the
guy so anyway you can see look at the
characteristic of this market right
now devil carried
away the uh it's just ranging and that's
classic the day before
FMC so I'm going to strip this down to
the two panel
view all right and then
uh I want that 15c on the right side
and this is your one minute
chart take this off
here all right so see what they did here
we have these lows this is Jagged on the
bottom end what's up
here short-term byy
side ain't this fun e learning with good
old ICT fund give it a thumbs up if you
appreciate the fact that that's gave you
something that's going to pay your your
bills for the rest of your life you
didn't have to pay for it either no
mentorships required no Book Sales
required you have to spend any money no
money at all and you got something that
answers everything you'd ever
need and it doesn't need to concern you
if it's going to stop working they're
going to change your algor it's
literally it's it's something that's
going to repeat in perpetuity as long as
there's markets there's going to be an
imbalance likely to happen in the
morning session it's always there and
that's how they use an entice initial
Market sentiment that's the purpose of
the Gap it's not the buying and selling
pressure so all right over here we have
15c
chart it's a little spotty for 15 second
it's because it's the day before
FMC I would not be terribly excited
about this afternoon so I know some of
you um that are watching the live stream
uh try to avoid trading the afternoon if
you're going to trade it just do it in
your own
privacy because you could probably be
met with a little bit more difficulty
because you're getting closer to the
time when absolutely nobody wants to do
anything in the
marketplace all right so hopefully you
can get a little bit more displacement
here on that candle give us a fair value
Gap now this is again this is a drill
it's not meant for you to copy me it's
for you to get a baseline see what uh if
it runs right to that if it runs right
to 1850 then we have to wait
it's got to give the uh the gap on the
second but you're doing these drills as
many times as you can afford to do it
with your schedule if you can only do
like one or two a day that's fine it's
just like an exercise routine you go
into lower time frames find a relative
equal high or low and you're not
demanding your right okay see that's I
don't want I don't want to see that have
my buttons
up it's too close to
the I can wait I don't have a job and I
don't have anything to do today so I can
stay here as long as it takes
just be confident that you know we can
see these liquidity pulls see how easy
it is right to it and that's just one
instance where it'll do these and that's
it that right there is something you
should log it didn't give you the setup
like running into those I mentioned
earlier that's what I was aiming
for that's what I was for I wanted to
get something in here where it traded
back into a fair B Gap and catch that so
you guys be like what the the hell he
did it
again but sometimes they'll run without
it and the fair value Gap just doesn't
it's not given to you and you can get
mad about it you can say oh man I missed
that move or you can sa in yourself self
and say this stuff repeats there's no
need for me to worry about it I'm going
to find another setup all I have to do
is sit here and relax so let me go back
to this real quick we had these lows
here and this was made Jagged so cell
stops down here on the one minute chart
were taken
remember I was telling you earlier if
you're going to be doing these exercises
be aware you may not know how to do this
because you're you're learning but
figure out where the higher time frame
draw is which was what I showed you
earlier up here that 926 level and I
mentioned the beginning stram these up
here that that's these are all potential
draws because of this being the higher
time frame reason for markets to want to
go up there those relative equal highs
that we were watch watching in the
September contract that is the same
level here just for the December
contract so the prices are different but
the same same school of thought or
Reason To Expect the trade there is
still the same here because it's still
relative equal highs on the December
contract is if you go back and look at
the August last week of August of 2024
in the December contract it's a lot of
Gap gappy uh price action but doesn't
change the fact that it's too smooth and
we're most likely going to see it trade
up in here I'm not seeing me to do it
today but as a higher time frame draw if
you're going to be doing these little
exercises to get yourself desensitized
to getting into trades get yourself some
experience pushing the button U managing
a stoploss managing how you're going to
endure getting it wrong if you're
getting it stopped out if it runs in
your favor it gives you all these
perfect little laboratory conditions
where you're not influenced by the money
you're doing one contract you're not
trying to pyramid you're not trying to
be perfect with your entry you're just
getting some kind of exposure in price
action well if we know that this is
likely to draw here on the daily chart
then it's better for you to filter only
going
long if you're going to be using it to
take trades with monetization at the end
of it as a result but don't think that
way only while you're doing a baseline
evaluation because you want to see what
it's like when you do it wrong or if you
get into a trade and it runs
aggressively other way and doesn't go to
your target you need to identify how
you're going to respond to that you need
to you need to know that as soon as you
can in your trading because it's going
to highlight what your character flaws
are and don't hide from it it doesn't
mean that you're a bad person it doesn't
mean you're a bad Trader or you can't
become better with these features and
functions that every human being has
them sometimes some people have really
toxic self-defeating things about about
themselves and they don't see it that
way they like to sugarcoat it and
pretend and put makeup on them and wear
a mask and say you know I don't have
problems it's everybody
else your Mentor talking to you I have a
lot of things that I wrestle with and
you you as
well and they're going to materialize in
your trading right now we're looking at
how
prices respecting that September 1st new
week opening Gap there's an overlap of
uh
here this
low is a new week open G low I'm
watching the bodies here on the one
minute
chart so we don't have
any bide to to refer to
here on the one minute chart so we got
to go up one time frame
there is relative equal highs on the 60
Minute chart for December
delivery
contract all right so we have this high
right here you see
that this a
bit for DEC contct we have this
high it's moving still closer to the
19926 level so now that
level I'll change it style a little bit
so you can see it
differently right so there's another
Pool liquidity buy side and it's framed
on the hourly chart
and all we're doing is providing a means
of Framing and exercise that's all it is
it's not a I got to be right it's it's
not a I'm Mr precise it's not about you
making money do not monetize it don't
take a trade on it if I'm given
something here to execute on
now I would like to see this stay
open because we already we already
dropped into it
here and it didn't it didn't stay open
there but I would seen it stay open if
it started to displace higher then that
could have created a fair Val Gap that's
what I mean by that
so new week opening gap on September
1st just about near its
high
there for
right
all I just did was annotate the minor
buy side cell
side how do I knew that there's buy side
because the market turned here and went
lower we created a swing low here in
this Candlestick right there as soon as
it closed that validated this as a swing
low so anyone that's long they could
theoretically and that's all we're doing
theoretically is assuming that there's
going to be some measure of stops below
there and then the buy side would be
here
just missed it
sorry that Candlestick right there when
I hit that that was the
entry for b side and then I would want
to see inversion in here
we have this big block of back and forth
price action where it spent time a lot
of time back and forth in this range so
1350 is also September's uh 13th daily
high so I'm not I'm not impressed with
the Run below the short-term low just to
get to that level it's not like I don't
I don't see it like it's breaking down
to keep going lower it's going to have
to prove something significant to me on
the downside I'm more inclined to
fish on the upside
and it can drop and it's fine it won't
it won't be something that would be
regretful over because you have to have
rules and the rules here are I'm I'm not
trying to be short we've already shown a
willingness
to gravitate towards that uh
19 8 62.75 level and it's not even close
to the relative equal Highs at the 926
level
breaker low high lower low this candle's
range and we have that little
inefficiency there that's where we're in
we're inside of that right now so I'm
watching it so we're inside of September
13th old daily high and while I'm
talking on your own charts you should
drop a line On That September 13th daily
high and you'll see what that level
is but here's a
breaker so that would look like
this so I'm
not inside that range
there it's too
now if we lose this
range the
downside then we may have done enough
for the morning session going into lunch
macro where they'll move against traders
that have been long that would be this
cell side resting right here on the left
hand side
chart for
but it has to leave this blue shaded
area if the breaker wasn't there this
would be the
short now b side coulded to here
there we go
and new week opening
Gap if it's going to go below here it's
reason to see it try to reach into that
as well
what time is
it 1050 1110
macro sside
that little G right there that's the one
but
uh I wanted to see it come down and give
me one tiny little Gap below that that
was the one I was wanting on the aim on
but I gave you this before it happen so
that's it's a consolation prize it's
called that I know some of you are still
hammering on whatever I'm
saying if you took that don't tell me
people are still not listening and tell
me in the coms this is this is what I
took a took a TR here I made this I
passed my
combo all right so day low
here I'm not convinced that they're
going to come down that
far but I'm willing to give it another
opportunity to sweep below here once
more so this low now
becomes cell
side so any little rally in
here as long as I don't go through the
mean threshold of the breaker that's
this range here on the one minute
chart then could be just setting up a
retracement here just dive one more time
and get into new week opening Gap well
then if I can get a rally after that
I'll work with any fair value Gap there
to trade back up to the uh breaker if it
can afford me 20 handles
range that's the that's the filter it's
got to give me at least 20 handles of
where I Tred to get in at and where I'm
trying to aim for if I can't frame that
then I have to sit still and it can we
can see the moves coming but it's not
framable based on the logic I'm
performing for Caleb which is 20 handles
run from entry
now because we're
below this breaker
low low high lower low then rallied to
new weting gaps
broke down went below the breaker here
so as long as we're below half of this
range I wouldn't be interested in
anything long
so what I'm saying is I'm looking for
some reason for the market to fail to
get above the midpoint it can trade
where it's at here that's that's normal
it can trade up to it but the gaps the
PD arrays everything that I have that I
key off of and price they all have an
inverted aspect to them so they can be
treated the opposite so what you think
about classic support and
resistance I can apply that to these
things here but it's not classic support
and resistance it's very specific
candles it's very specific
prices the low the lower quadrant and
the halfway or mean threshold because
it's an order
block so half of
this breaker to its low that's like the
the area where the the turn could happen
and a run below this low down the
end in walk that' be a
setup we have Gap here if it runs away
again then it's just making my day
longer
I want to put a short on so that way you
can see trading against a higher time
frame likely bias on a day prior to
fomc late in the morning
session
for e
I see it wanting to take this shortterm
High here first
see how much time it's staying inside
that Gap all here you don't want to see
that and that would been stop out so I
can see where I'd be wrong and as much
as it would probably be entertaining for
some of you if I would have took that
entry I I just know that it's not it's
not there it's not there
yet but using that one you would have
been stopped out or I would have been
stopped out
there how did I know that it's because I
think that this was too easy too shallow
and I think either they're going to send
it higher or they're going to take it
right above this High anyway before it
goes below these relative equal lows so
in between that little I can justify
both sides
and if I can do that it's not high
probability so it's giv me the ability
to show you CB that just because it
looks like it's a fair value
Gap where we at what time we're at and
how it just delivered that little tiny
Wick into the lower half of that breaker
I was
annotating I feel
like we've pushed it up a little
bit from 930s high we went lower we
Consolidated made all of this in here
Jagged and once more
here after trading into the new week
opening gaps
above the initial high of the
day because we've had one two three four
lows produced to the downside this is
really really Jagged and I'm I would be
trying to sell
short in the very like low end of the of
the
range so what would I be doing selling
here I'm selling a
discount there's people out there want
to buy something
cheap so I'm watching this High here
because that'll tell me what I want to
do I told you I'm not leaving until I I
get something that I can frame
on and look at this it's is slowly gting
up to that little high right there
so anyone that's trying to be short or
that is short not that they're all using
a 15sec chart mind you but you can see
that high is also in the one minute
chart so you have to sit still sometimes
and if you don't know what you're
looking for it could be frustrating and
just drive you
nuts but there has to be some reason why
you're taking the trade you can't just
simply push the button to find out I'm
not here for that I'm here to teach my
son on patience teach him look at things
with rules frame the probabilities and
justify why I will or why I
won't all right so now we have somewhat
of a balanced price range in here I mean
it's on the 15sec chart I don't want to
make too much of that but
this little Gap here're seeing these
little tiny candlesticks reaching up uh
I would like to see it just go above
this High here and then come back down
into this
inefficiency and see if it can support
it with inversion
characteristics take this line
off just bumped the low of that breaker
block
I don't want to see it hit the bottom of
the break block and come down here I
wanted to see it take this High come
down hit that and then if it shows
displacement higher off of that then to
me it's a little bit more trustworthy to
the upside and then I can entertain
maybe a run into the high of the breaker
or this inefficiency right there
no
now take a screenshot of what we're
looking at
here this is exactly
where you can identify where you do not
want to trade I'm going to force myself
to trade in this environment because I
want you to see the difficulties of it
I'm probably going to fail in it that's
why I'm telling you don't don't copy
this one but I want you to see before I
do anything look at how it's
behaving is it animated to try to get
any in a quick fast sudden manner no
it's just like I'm just moving around a
little bit
lethargically either side of the
marketplace it should have dropped here
if this was a Val fair value gap which I
I told you because of all the things on
the one minute chart it doesn't bode
well for selling short that that cheap
or low in the in the daily
range after it's already had this big
drop down so this lunch Mac where we
took the cell side out over
here that right there might be the low
and we could be
higher in the
afternoon that's what I wanted right
there now because this inefficiency is
the only one that has of any interest to
me at all I want to see do they dive it
back down into this and then if it can
hit this but not go through it with a
body if it can hit it and displace
higher like a big nice series of one or
two candles to the upside create an
inefficiency there then that could be a
catalyst to get us up into that
inefficiency
there I apologize Caleb I did not want
the video to be this long shut up ICT
you're here till you're
90 you're here till you're you'll be
doing this till you're 90 that was a
funny line Deadpool
but I asked you to take a screenshot
because the way pric is this Meandering
around okay that is what happens when
the market enters a buy model it just s
I'm Sorry by program where it just
starts ticking higher it doesn't matter
how many people are selling short or
buying it's just going to keep offering
higher prices keep High higher higher
higher and it starts squeezing and
squeezing and squeezing and then as it
gets to a level where there is
inefficiency or liquidity and on the one
minute chart you see it right here
that's that shortterm
high these are very very challenging
conditions when it's behaving this way
if you're if you're brand
new you can be
uh smacked around a little bit or
frustrated so there's the wrong
by
side all right so now we're back above
the mean threshold of that
breaker over
here that's this Candlestick right there
it's the last up Clos candle right
before they drop down to a lower low
there so it's a low high lower low
it did not come
down to hit this area here it just kept
booking price higher higher higher
higher higher higher so they're going to
make a Mad Dash up to attack these these
buy stops
call it live we're doing it
live see push this to the
back so we're back at September 13th's
daily High
top of the
breaker now because we have this area of
inefficiency now mind you it's anchored
on a 30 second chart so bear that in
mind it's not like it's on an hourly
chart where if this were an inefficiency
in this time frame were a on hour chart
or 60-minute
chart price would have no problem going
up with one single candle into this
little area it can still do on on the 15
chart that that's still a characteristic
but because it's only in a 15sec chart
that it has this inefficiency there
because if you look at over here it's
it's been offered buy side delivery and
then this single Candle on the one
minute chart inside that one minute
charts range we have this small little
inefficiency there
so keeping to
the the rules i' still would like to see
it Ram up in there pretty quick if it's
going to get in in there why not just
take out the liquidity right right
there working towards the low end of
that breaker spiking through the mean
threshold which is the midpoint whenever
there's an order block half of that
range is always mean
threshold if it's a gap or a
wick the midpoint is consequent
encroachment
the books will explain why those names
were given to it I just don't want to
talk about it publicly because it makes
people stupid um look
smart I said it incorrectly makes stupid
people or fraudulent people look
smart there's no sense of uh helping
them write their Cliff note cliff note
version
of my concept just to get a book out
there you don't going make a lot of
money on books I mean it's not even that
big a profitable
the only thing I'm concerned about is
making sure I record it in the annals of
history that this is what it is this is
who it came from and it's my gift to
you all right so we're at mean threshold
half of the
breaker and we have an inefficiency rate
there and like can see
that be
used version so it would you want to see
it go away from a little bit and come
back down into
it and then run up
into the inefficiency right
there now look at the delivery of price
here on the one minute
chart watch how when it goes higher do
you see any
gaps this was immediate
rebalance really small little volume in
Balance there but no fair value got see
that and then deliver to the high of the
breaker
this is classic and why I tell you take
a screenshot of that because when you
start seeing price doing this that is
the algorithm in a buy program that
means it's simply going to keep offering
higher prices it does not matter what
your little bookmap thing say doesn't
matter what your liquidity thing say it
means it's just going to start marching
higher higher higher higher higher that
was the reason why I stopped I was going
to take the short in here just to
illustrate this is shorting I was like
you know what why do that it's better
for me to illustrate why that's not even
a good one so the screenshot of you
seeing how price is not giving you any
kind of fair value G it's just one
steady just booking higher booking
higher booking higher Bing higher and no
inefficiency so if you're offside in
that it's very very painful extremely
painful notice the bodies we never left
it came back down the bodies are staying
inside of it so is that is that
displacement to the outside
no thought you have me your
pH yeah yeah yeah
all right
if you weren't here today what would you
be doing wasting your
time you're learning how to read and
navigate price
action navigating it understanding why
it should or shouldn't everything I
can't do in a
book imagine these as chapters
book it's it's very hard to write that
kind of stuff and make it make sense
it's you have to see
it that's
why I hate to say it but
99.99% of any trading books are
useless because a static picture and a
couple paragraphs or whatnot doesn't
adequately
describe what it's communicating I'm
sure the authors are well- intended I I
would have intentions because I don't
spending time bloviating in great detail
about what I expect to see in
price I want to see this small little
portion stay
open and now because we had this nice
little retracement up in here I'll
explore to the downside I want to see if
we can get to mean threshold I'm sorry
consequent corent of this Gap
no stay inside
there all right I'll wait for it
again I believe it's going below this
low so that way we understand what I'm
expecting we had this nice deep
retracement it pressed higher higher
higher higher higher higher higher to
the top of the
breaker we couldn't find inversion there
all the body stayed inside of it nice
displacement to the downside we rally
back up I want to see this small little
segment of price action here stay open
meaning that I don't want to see it
trade back to the bottom of that blue
box or into that volume of balance I
like to see that stuff stay there and if
we can find ourself heavy in this area
that should allow for a run to get to
the cell up you still have to wait for
the fair Bay Gap that makes sense and
that isn't making sense yet it's got to
still work out the creases
so knowing how you can
fail knowing how you can lose money
identifying it and saying no this isn't
it that's going to come with
experience it's not a matter of going
out there and try to trade everything
and make money the main thing is capital
preservation see I don't like that
ideally it should have went to
consequent encouragement of that Gap
right there why that one because it's
matching basically this one single
candle up single candle down they're
sharing the same spatial range between
their highs and lows that make this
imbalances so that's a balanced price
range so I want to see it trade down
below it and show a willingness to hit
half of that and then drop then that
drop would be Candlestick number two of
a fair value Gap that I could used used
to get in get short then run down here
but since it's not doing that I have to
sit
still now we got the volume balance
redelivered
too and now we're at
the I mean it it
could could roll over here lower
but it needs to show a displacement
sharply down down I want something at
mid range of this gap down here even
though this is a higher price that if
it's going to drop this would be a
better entry because it's a higher
premium price I don't I don't trust that
my entry there would be
sound watch that
Wick e
now I don't want to see if I'm want to
try to frame a set up which is what EXA
I'm trying to force myself into taking a
short to this low yeah I don't want to
see it support price
there I like to see it lay down the
Candlestick but not close outside the
the low of
it and create a inefficiency so I can
position inside of that
volume and
balance delivered to that
now this right here just deliver it
man there you go now don't run away
don't run away don't run away don't run
away
yet want to see if you can touch the the
bottom of that inversion F you
got not yet come on
L the balance right there
and are you kidding
[Laughter]
me okay well we're going to have to
pretend okay the stop loss would have to
be above this candlesticks consequent
encroachment of the wick that's where my
stop would be so that way you can see
you can see where it would be at told
you I teach for the demo so some of you
uh
okay so it would be one tick above that
and the limit orderer would
be at that price okay 745 and a
quarter it's this fair value Gap
there trading
view come on
now this is the gap
right there that's why it's
eyeballing you take a partial there
not as sexy is when you see the
executions but it's
okay I'll work with it with y'all
trading view you cannot do any
maintenance during live streams to ICT
okay it's not good for marketing for you
it's not good so always see what time
you plan on doing maintenance schedule
it outside the times I'm going to be
live
streaming so you would be
in with a stop that uh covers uh the
costs and you to be in one partial
already
so e
got some relative equal lows there
that would be a
partial so now you'd have two partials
booked stop with stay right where it's
at so it doesn't matter where it goes
now you stick with it and aim for this
lower
here and just relax let whatever's going
to happen happen
stop with roll to
here e
and youd stop out on the balance
there and you do all your markups get
all your information from where you were
entering what was the total draw down
how much heat in other words the tree
would have had placed on you and you
take your partials where I was queuing
up audibly you would take a partial and
then
the partial here and we roll the stop
down because once we have a
partial a second
one and we're getting close to the low
we're looking for this this low here and
the rejection block is what I was
looking at and that's why I said the
drop to stop theoretically and
hypothetically to here because what
we're doing is what I taught you in this
mentorship where if you don't know how
to time or select the partials to get
out of the trade with pieces of it and
profit by chasing down a recent High
just let the market take you out it
removes all the the worry about which
one should I do or how should I manage
it you got two
partials you let the market take you out
and it doesn't have to go down and take
this low out it's just the
target so it removes all of the I have
to be right stuff that everybody thinks
that I teach I don't teach that you have
to be right now
admittedly I'm a little disappointed
because I absolutely wanted to be in
this to show
you with uh with one contract how the
stop would have been managed so it's
kind of
like it's not as good as it would have
been if I would have been in it so but I
know some of you were out there taking
this and as much as I don't want you
doing it I gave you guidance because I
knew you probably were doing more than
one contract so
not an easy session I mean it's not
impossible obviously you can see what we
are looking
for everything outline is in the video
you'll be able to listen to it and see
it but framing it where it makes sense
it has to make sense just because price
is moving around doesn't mean I have to
be in there doesn't mean you have to be
in there but finding a setup getting in
and getting 20 handles you 20 25 handles
something like that uh that's a nice
little bread and butter type set set
up there's opportunities where you can
go back through price action the main
takeaway today is is identifying how
price was delivering all this run up to
the top of the breaker
here all of this is all
one-sided all of this on the that one
minute chart that makes it hard to find
an inefficiency and you have to just let
it go and then it'll do
this it'll give up the ghost basically
and just boom you'll see an energetic
run and then here big energetic run I
wanted to see this stay open now why
would I would have seen that because if
this is the low I'm aiming for here if
this would have stayed open this would
have been a whole lot faster and quicker
it's still very well may go down there
but it would have been a lot less of
this kind of stuff it this would have
been fell out of bed and there it is
done
and I would have been less inclined to
tell you where the stock would have been
dropped down to here that would have
stayed where it was initially once it
covered costs it would it would have
stayed there and then the Run below this
and into new week opening G down here
which is still you know something I
could potentially pay out so I did my
best with uh working with what was given
to us today U teaching how to wait for a
setup being very very critical of the
framework the things that I would like
to look for um you saw me try to go in
but it's not it's not my fault that the
trading view was doing maintenance on
their paper trading thing I have to
teach in a paper trading account I'm not
a licensed trade adviser none of these
things should be inspiration for you to
go and trade with your real money I
can't control what you're going to do
but I am asking you if you follow this
and you made money please don't tell me
I don't want to know about it that's not
what we're having here we're not a sign
service I'm not a signal provider I'm
trying to teach you how to read price
action live with logic that I teach on
this YouTube
channel it's up to you to decide whether
or not there's any value in this I
personally would love to have had this
information presented to me and
especially if it's for free and I'm
trying to help my son have all the
advantages and remove as much as I
humanly possibly can as both his dad and
the mentor of the treating side of it to
help him remove the likelihood of him
hurting himself and making his progress
as easy as it can be done but still you
know you're still going to put the put
the effort behind it and it's not going
to happen real fast okay
so hopefully you got something from this
admittedly my obsessively compulsive
side is a little flared up right now
because I I don't like the fact that it
didn't let me get in it but at least I
was able to outline it for you so
hopefully that's enough consolation
prize for what we've seen here today if
you learn something from this today
leave a comment in the community post
after this stream closes I usually go
over to my community post on YouTube
channel and I put the date up and I'll
ask you what did you learn with this
live stream and it's the date in today's
live stream if you learned anything you
know I'd like to know what helped you um
and if you didn't learn anything I don't
care to know that because when I see
that I just
simply um I block you because that that
comment is just waste of it's waste of
time you're wasting your time writing it
and I'm wasting my time leaving you
accessible to me I'm not going to give
you any my time you it doesn't mean you
can't watch my stuff it just means that
I won't ever see your comment again now
on Twitter everybody is open like you
can you can tell me anything there you
if you learn something tell me what you
learned there it's more Dynamic if I see
something I really like or felt like I I
struck a nerve in the good s in a good
sense I might respond to you but until I
talk to you on Thursday cuz tomorrow
again Wednesday is
FMC I have a guy that's uh saying he's
going to live stream so I want to kind
of like sit in and watch whatever he's
he's doing I don't know and I'll be
sticking my head in to uh some of my
students live streams and watching
watching them do their thing
tomorrow and I'll be back at it again on
Thursday Lord willing uh right around
9:20 is right before the opening bell so
until I talk to you then be be safe